I actually did that because it's the
doctor so it was worth it boys oh just
okay okay fuck off god damn it man
goddamn it okay here we go here we go
boys ladies and gentlemen of the world's
wow I got royalty gloves dude I'm gonna
use that I'm gonna use those gloves oh
ok I see both I see both you know some
people want another rank some people
want sniping my god yo I'll give I'll
give ranked one last chance ok oh no we
got fucking bacon and eggs man bacon and
eggs what is this it is going to be the
third quick bolt or is this gonna be the
doctor god damn it
I don't want gloves oh my god man voice
altered all the all the supply drops
that I open today head elites all of
them but they were all shits this is me
up so much dude that is no fun I was
gonna talk mad man shit oh we got a
rockets nobody cares like who cares
about the road cuz I'm a new hype hype
hype hide the doctor the doctor the
doctor bail I got some knee pads and I
got some shin guards yeah and double XP
okay not the best drop in the world okay
Wow okay voice are you praying to the
club gods come on I'm not gonna look
oh we didn't get it the doctor Oh what
is this I'm joking I'm just oh oh Supply
Drop Supply Drop it's the doctor is I
know it goddamn it man oh my god god
damn it I was all I was so I was feeling
it you know believe in the heart of the
cards come on a fucking MLD honestly
everybody gets two thousand the melis
per day this is crazy dude stinking
let's open this bad boy up what is it
what is it oh my god i got like hyped
for two seconds Oh yo does that look
cool though oh you have the Supply Drop
it's a sad song playing in the
background it means that we're gonna get
good stuff right it just is oh oh my god
really la I mean that's you know if we
compared to how shitty the lynx is that
is actually a good links but god damn it
dude I mean that is actually a good
links you know it is it is a good links
but still man still it has more fire
right so you can spam it more